BERNSTEIN ENTERS
(LIVE - ON CUE)
(TO PIANO)
(PLAY C)
(PLAY C')
(PLAY)
(PLAY).
(PLAY SEVERAL SCALES, MAJOR & MINOR) --
(PLAY F# MINOR SCALE)
(TO PODIUM)
ORCH: FETES (5:50)
Debussy
APPLAUSE
(TO PIANO)
SKIPPED
of those bright, shining open fifths way up high
(PLAY)
tell us that this music is neither major nor minor. Those empty fifths
contain in them neither the 3rd note of the major scale (PLAY),
which would make them into major chords (PLAY), nor the 3rd note of the minor scale (PLAY), which would make them minor chords (PLAY). They're just empty,
(PLAY)
neutral.
(PLAY again)
(PLAY)
SKIPPED
That (PLAY) is where it gets peculiar.
But Debussy's tune is shaped just like
a scale, isn't it? (PLAY).
(PLAY)
Play and Sing (with drums & bass) "ALONG- COMES MARY" (:20)
(ANTICIPATE APPLAUSE)
(PLAY)
(PLAY mode).
ORKs Sibelius #6, 1st 16 bars (& dbt) (:35)
(PLAY)
(PLAY, with chords)
(Sing AMEN).
(PLAY)
(PLAY, with chords).
(SING) "Amen,"
SING:	"Secret Agent Man." (:1O)
SKIPPED
And so is this:
STRINGS (2 bars) & SING:
ELEANOR RIGBY (:20)
(PLAY)
(PLAY).
(PLAY),
ORK: Scheherazade - bar 20 to dbt., 1 before (A).	(:l2)
(PLAY, on G.)
ORK:	Brahms 4th - 1st 4 bars (:20)
(PLAY)
(PLAY).
(PLAY tonic chord) —
(PLAY) —
(PLAY)
(PLAY).
(PLAY. Audience participation).
(PLAY)
(PLAY).
ORK; "Lieutenant Kije" - (1) to (3) (omit oboe entrance) (:25)
(PICCOLO, with Eb's).
4th note:
(PICC. with E#'s).
SKIPPED
And our own American composer, Aaron Copland, has used the same device in his music for a comic scene in the film "Of Mice and Men." (PLAY)
There's that funny note again (PLAY F#).
ORK: Sibelius - 4th Symph., 2nd mov't, beginning to dbt. 1 before (A). (:13)
(PLAY)
PLAY:	Mazurka #15
(PLAY).
ORCH:	POLONAISE (BORIS) (3:00)
(PLAY)
(PLAY).
(PLAY, Aud., part.)
(PLAY)
(PLAY).
(PLAY A RIFF)
(PLAY MORE)
PLAY & SING: "Hanky-Panky" (:06)
PLAY & SING; "You Really Got Me"(:20)
PLAY: "Norwegian Wood"
(PLAY)
PLAY: "Sunken Cathedral" (:30)
(TO PODIUM)
ORCH: DANZON (2:25) from Fancy Free
APPLAUSE
(To Piano)
(PLAY) -
(PLAY)
(PLAY-SING "AMEN")
(PLAY),
Locrian and this we can really
(PLAY)
(PLAY),
ORCH:	BEETHOVEN 5th
Coda of Finale (1:00)
ORK:	Bars 3, 4, and 5	(:07)
ORK:	3 after (2) - 4 bars only. (:05)
ORK:	9 after (10), 4 bars and dbt.	(:06)
ORK:	13 after (10), 4 bars (:06)
ORK: (13), 4 bars, str, & perc. only (:06)
ORK: (13), 4 bars, tutti minus strings	(:07)
ORK; (13), 8 bars, tutti (:14)
ORCH: FETES (5:50)
APPLAUSE